# github-example
This repository is a demonstration of how to create a Github repository and properly setup.
It is really simple to setup a Githyb repository.On the homepage of your Github account, you will see all your repositories listed on the left side of the page under Repositories, if you have any repositories. You can simply create a new repository by clicking on the green “New” button.Another option to create a new repository is by clicking the “+” sign next to your profile pic and selecting “New repository” from the drop-down menu.Either option will take you to the following page, where you will have to fill out a form to create the new repository.The first field you will need to fill out is the repository name.Mine is "github-example".The next field is a description of the repository. Although the field is optional, it is highly recommended in order to give other users an idea of what the repository is about, and it reflects a professional image of you.Next, you can choose whether you want the repository to be public or private. Private repositories are not free, but let’s say you you are working with a client, and you sign an NDA where you cannot disclose that you are working with them. In this case, you should select the private option if you wish to use Github to share your work with them.
On the other hand, if your goal is to showcase your work to potential employers or to share your work with other data scientists, then you want your repositories to be public.And make sure to check the option of initializing your repository with a README file. The description that you added earlier would automatically become part of your README file, as you will see later.
Finally, go ahead and click the button to create the repository.The name and the description of the repository appear at the top. Next, you would see a list of the files and folders that are in the repository. Finally, you would see what is in the README file.
Since the README file is the first thing users see when they land on your repository, it is good practice to populate it with useful information to users.
That's it.Enjoy!
